In order for us to register our test
implementations against existing interfaces,
we want to create a CustomWebApplicationFactory class.
This will allow us to test implementations, such as
the local DynamoDB implementation.
Inside our Setup folder, we'll create a CustomWebApplicationFactory class.
This class we want to inherit from the WebApplicationFactory.
The WebApplicationFactory allows us to streamline the bootstrapping of our
system under test with test server. We want to pass through our Startup class to
this class, so we'll make this generic with the type TStartup. Inside our
CustomWebApplicationFactory class, we want to register the local Dynamo DB
instance to our IAmazonDynamoDB interface.
If we remember,
we registered this inside our Startup class in our
solution. For our integration tests,
we want to register this against our local instance of DynamoDB.
We need to create a protected method with the
override keyword named ConfigureWebHost.
Inside these parameters, we'll add the IWebHostBuilder. In our method,
we start off by calling the builder and use the method that's a part
of the builder named ConfigureTestServices. Using Lambda, we can say
services, then services.AddSingleton. We want to register our
IAmazonDynamoDB interface, and we want to register this with our test
DynamoDB instance.
Let's create an AmazonDynamoDBConfig,
and we'll set the ServiceURL to point to our local
DynamoDB. We can then add the AmazonDynamoDBClient and pass in the config that we just created.